for sale 2006 subaru impreza WRX STI
this is one of two videos first one will
be of starting the car let me hear it
walking around the outside the second
video will be of driving around town so
here we go gauges are wired for blue
when the headlights are off and red for
nighttime AC blows cold it's very happy
about this is about a hundred degrees
outside
I cameras in going out of focus right
come on camera
you
cruise control works everything works
cobb accessport motion to is included
currently sitting at 380 wheel
horsepower on 91 octane could be retuned
the car apparently also made 450 on pump
gas but I have not put pump gas in it
and run it so
here's some close-ups of the motor now
if the camera doesn't wig out on
the entire motor was professionally
built by pnl motorsports it was built at
about 35,000 miles currently has about
55,000 miles on it so she's pretty
rock-solid compression tests have been
done leak down tests have been done when
I bought the car P&L did a complete look
over the whole thing and did a baseline
I've only owned the car for maybe about
six months I've only put maybe 2,000
miles on it i paid pnl to go over it
double-check everything and everything
came out with flying colors and it even
dine old the same numbers that it did
back in September of 2008 when it was
originally built and tuned so check out
the next video up around town thank you